Allegro Maild supports several extensions to the aliases file format
which are not supported by sendmail.

Left hand side features:

 Fully-qualified left hand sides:
  In sendmail, the left hand side of an alias can only contain the
  user part of an email address.  Allegro Maild accepts fully-
  qualified left hand sides.  This is useful for hosting multiple
  email domains.  When looking up aliases, fully-qualified matches
  are tried first, then matching on just the user part of the address
  is done.  
 
 Wildcard aliases:
  Left hand sides of the form *@domain.com can be used to provide a
  default expansion for any address in a given domain.  When looking
  up aliases, specific matches are tried first, then the wildcard
  alias is used (if there is one).  Wildcard aliases are particularly
  useful when combined with :error: recipients (see below) to prevent
  unmatched fully-qualified aliases from being delivered to recipients
  whose local part matches.  This is more clearly illustrated in the
  examples below.

 Include aliases:
  If the left hand side of an alias is the word 'include', then the
  right hand side can be a list of additional aliases files to
  process.  

  Left hand sides of the form 'include(domain)' are similar, but all
  unqualified addresses found in the included files are assumed to be in
  the 'domain' domain.  Qualified addresses are checked to make sure
  they are in 'domain'.

  Left hand sides of the form 'includeuser(domain)' are the similar,
  except that there are restrictions on the type of aliases that may be
  in the included files.  Specifically, program, mailing list, and file
  recipients are disallowed.  It is safe to allow unprivileged users
  to edit such included files.

Right hand side features:

  Error recipients:
   If the right hand side of an alias is of the form :error:, then
   delivery attempts to the corresponding left hand side address will
   be rejected.  You can specify an optional string after :error: to
   specify a specific rejection string.  See the example below.


Examples:
###
root: joeadmin

spam: :error:Go away, spammer!

jimmy@customerdomain.com: jimmy@aol.com
*@customerdomain.com: :error:
###

Given this aliases file:

* Mail destined for 'root' at any domain for which you accept mail
(except customerdomain.com) will be delivered to the local user
'joeadmin'.  

* Mail destined for 'spam' at any domain for you which accept mail
(except customerdomain.com) will be rejected with the error string "Go
away, spammer!".  

* Mail destined for 'jimmy@customerdomain.com' will be forwarded to
jimmy@aol.com.  

* Any other @customerdomain.com address will reject in rejection.

* Without the *@customerdomain.com wildcard alias, mail destined for
root@customerdomain.com would be delivered to 'joeadmin'.






