:include: files are allowed to have full header-style email addresses
(comments, display names).. parse-email-addr handles these right.. so
if I'm not adding any additional restrictions, it should be fine.

Sort queue items by id in queue-process-all

Need to work on the '-t' command line arg.  Necessary for Charley's mail.

Bounces for a given delivery attempt should be coalesced into one
message.

Allow SIGHUP to make the config reload on a running server.

[maybe: Have program drop privs and run as user/group 'maild']

Parameterize the blacklist SMTP response.  If it is multiline, make
sure the SMTP multiline response happens properly.

OMeToo... can I make this work w/o breaking stuff?

If there are bounces due to mailing to an :include: alias, check for
an owner-* alias for bounce redirection.  Does this work for any
general alias?

Optionally honor Errors-To header.

Possibility:
  Messages w/o a To, Cc: or Bcc: header should have one of them
  automatically addeded.  The method in which this is done should be
  configurable.  Sendmail has the following options:
   don't do anything
   add a To: header
   add Apparently-To: header 
   add empty Bcc: header 
   add To: undisclosed:; header 


RFCs 1891 and 1894 discuss standards for delivery status notification 
 (bounces, return receipts, etc).  Gotta make MIME messages, etc. bleh

change the way I have the local hooks.  They should be things that can
be in the config file.. or calls to external programs... that way, no
recompile will be necessary for user changes.  Just need to describe
how the external programs should report their status.  I only use one
status, though..  good==0, bad==nonzero.

Need loop detection.  RFC2821 says that counting Received: headers is
a somewhat bogus bogus method for detecting loops.. but if it is used,
the threshold should be at least 100.  I think sendmail uses 25.

Do I want to make it so that it rarely runs as root?  Situations where
root is required:
    local delivery (to setuid to the user)
    checkers which might require running as a different user.
    getting port 25.
    that it?
 newer versions of sendmail seem to run in two or more processes to
 do this.  

sendmail has a connect timeout (defaults to the kernel's timeout) and
an iconnect timeout.  The latter is used to immediately send mail to
responsive hosts.  It is a short timeout (a few seconds).  If it times
out, the messsage is send backgrounded instead.

Disk space checker.  Don't accept mails if the spool directory has
less than 'x' blocks free.  The error message:
   452 4.4.5 Insufficient disk space; try again later  
 Waiting for osi mods from Kevin

Limit the number of threads.
